Next steps in FP App:
DONE - Load data / style data to main page -- troublshoot DB <-> Server connection (must be online?)
	NOTES: 	- Not sure why .factory didn't work for postingService. 
			- Use 127.0.0.1 instead of localhost to prevent connectivity issues while offline
DONE - Integrate Bower to manage download front-end JS/CSS/supporting files, keep dependencies updated.
DONE - Use Gulp to concatenate Bower files (separate from ng front end files)
DONE - Use bookmarked example to set up bower to be more efficient. Put js files in script tags at bottom of page. Override project bower.json for TinyMCE main files.
DONE (already effective, but not yet verified)- Link to customBootstrap.css stylesheet to override default Bootstrap styles.
DONE - Create post submission partial connected to service to post new jobs to DB. HOW TO HANDLE PROMISE OBJECT??!!
	DONE - Create Modal to Confirm Successful Post to Jobs DB
    DONE- Integrate Google geolocate into post submission service. 
		DONE- Reverse geocode $scope in Modal window to populate DB with lat/lng.
		DONE- Look at TypeAhead locations from AngularUI Bootstrap
	DONE - Set up controller for this page.
		DONE - Post to DB
		DONE - Populate $scope.variable for preview
	DONE - Insert HTML for Preview below form to submit post

DONE - Load data into map
 
NOTES: April 4:
-General goal is to keep moving forward setting up finalPostings database that anyone can GET and only Admin can POST, setting up postings DB to be restricted to Admin for GET and but anyone to POST. Need lots of work on functionality for Admin to approve and transfer postings in the postings model to the finalpostings model. This will require an Admin dash and more functionality at the single post admin side. More work will also need to be done for editings and updating functionalities for user. Then, tie in LinkedIn API, email functionality, mobile-friendliness (Bootstrap nav), and additional map manipulation.
NOTES: April 5: Posting to finalPostings DB successfully from Admin role. Continue setting up the admin approval modal and beyond.
